Chris-Emio: Hey! How's it going?
Ethan: Chris-Emio, what are you doing here? I thought you had somewhere to be.
Chris-Emio: Oh right, sorry I kinda forgot.
Ethan: Happens to all of us. 
Chris-Emio: I think I hit my head and forgot a lot of things about myself. Do you mind helping me remember?
Ethan: Weird flex but ok.
Chris-Emio: What do I normally do?
Ethan: Well, you generally help out with anything whenever you can. 
Ethan: Oh!!! You worked at GameStop for about a year or so. From August 2017 to May 2018.
Chris-Emio: Really?!? What did I do there.
Ethan: The usual. Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume and fast-paced operations.
Ethan: Provided gaming industry insight on new products and offered latest deals to multiple customers daily.
Ethan: You also recommended and explained use, operation and benefits of merchandise to the customer.
Ethan: Oh and you were also responsible for computing sale prices and processing cash or credit payment over $1000
Chris-Emio: So, I was basically a cashier?
Ethan: More or less. But, the experience is what matters. 
Chris-Emio: Is there anything else?
Ethan: You also worked at Mugar Library for quite a while.
Chris-Emio: Interesting...
Ethan: You greeted students and other visitors as they entered the library to promote a welcoming environment.
Ethan: You assisted guests with locating texts in Boston University’s online catalog and provided additional references when materials were unavailable
Chris-Emio: That sounds familiar.
Ethan: And you checked-out and checked-in on average 50 books daily.
Chris-Emio: *sigh* 
Chris-Emio: So... basically, I provided customer service there too?
Ethan: If it makes you feel better, customer service is the lifeblood of any business.
Ethan: Look, I have some work I have to finish. Maybe, we'll catch up later?
Chris-Emio: Oh right! Sorry for keeping you. I'll let you get back to whatever you were doing.


Alejandro: Hey buddy!! What's up?
Chris-Emio: Not much. I'm just trying to make sense of my past. 
Chris-Emio: My memory has been failing me. Think you could help me out.
Alejandro: That guy over there is Ethan and I'm Alejandro. 
Alejandro: We're your bros, bro! We're happy to help however we can.
Chris-Emio: Got it. Thanks.
Alejandro: If I tell you a bit about yourself, perhaps it'll jog your memory?
Chris-Emio: It's worth a try. 
Alejandro: Well, you do a lot of volunteer work.
Chris-Emio: Oh, yeah?
Alejandro: Totally. I went with you once to this Prison Book Program.
Chris-Emio: Wait, I was in PRISON?!?!?!?
Chris-Emio: like, in the clink... in the joint?
Alejandro: Cool it man!
Alejandro: It wasn't like that. 
Alejandro: We read letters from inmate about books they enjoy to read.
Alejandro: We would visit the program's library and find the best suitable book for each inmate. 
Chris-Emio: That sounds a lot less terrifying. It must have been a pretty cool experience.
Alejandro: It was. I'm glad I tagged along. Those letters really gave me insights to things I've never thought twice about.
Chris-Emio: How so?
Alejandro: We reflected on how we were impacted after we volunteered. But, clearly, you can't remember any of it.
Alejandro: What I was trying to say is that a lot of these letters were really personal and heart-wrenching. In some, I could almost feel their regrets. I wanted to believe they were sincere.
Chris-Emio: That sounds heavy. It sucks that I can't remember something so impactful.
Alejandro: Yea, it was a one of kind experience.
Chris-Emio: Must have been. 
Alejandro: Don't worry. The other volunteer experiences you had were totally different. Nonetheless, they were just as rewarding I would imagine...at least, from what you would tell us afterwards.
Chris-Emio: What were my other volunteer experiences like?
Alejandro: You volunteered as a judge for the Boston Debate League. You do that quite often actually. Every year.
Chris-Emio: That sounds cool. 
Alejandro: Then, there was the Student Food Run. You collected produce from local stores and delivered them to shelters.
Chris-Emio: That sounds really cool. I guess, I was-- well, am a pretty cool guy.
Alejandro: I guess you could call it that. But, I'm sure your kindness meant a lot to many people. 
Alejandro:  Anyway, that's all I got for you, man.
Chris-Emio: That's plenty. I'll go talk to other people in the village.
Chris-Emio: Thank you so much for your time
Alejandro: No problem. Maybe, the Smith family will be more useful. You should pay them a visit.
Chris-Emio: hmmm... The Smith.



